ROX-19799: Update docs for VM2.0 (#78059)
openshift/openshift-docs: operating/manage-vulnerabilities/vulnerability-management.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="vulnerability-management"]
= Vulnerability management overview
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: acs-operating-manage-vulnerabilities

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Security vulnerabilities in your environment might be exploited by an attacker to perform unauthorized actions such as denial of service, remote code execution, or unauthorized access to sensitive data. Therefore, the management of vulnerabilities is a foundational step towards a successful Kubernetes security program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security vulnerabilities in your environment can be exploited by an attacker to perform unauthorized actions, such as denying services, executing remote code or gaining unauthorized access to sensitive data. Therefore, vulnerability management is a fundamental step towards a successful Kubernetes security program.
```

The *Vulnerability Management* -> *Workload CVEs* page provides information about vulnerabilities in applications running on clusters in your system. You can view vulnerability information across images and deployments. The *Workload CVEs* page provides more advanced capabilities than the Dashboard for filtering, including the ability to view images and deployments with vulnerabilities and filter by image, deployment, namespace, cluster, CVE, component, and component source.

include::modules/vulnerability-management20-view-cve.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/vulnerability-management-mark-false-positive.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/vulnerability-management-review-deferred.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/vulnerability-management-upgrade-component.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/vulnerability-management-export-workloads.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="using-the-vm-dashboard"]

> === Using the Dashboard (deprecated) to view and manage vulnerabilities

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Using the Dashboard (deprecated) to view vulnerabilities
```
The Dashboard is read-only in 4.5, and all management functionality has been moved to the Workload, Node, and Platform CVE sections, as well as the Exception Management section.
